USF-3743 Add storeCode parameter to wishlist initialization (#761)
commerce-docs/microsite-commerce-storefront: src/content/docs/dropins/wishlist/initialization.mdx

|---|---|---|---|

> | `langDefinitions` | [`LangDefinitions`](#langdefinitions) | No | Language definitions for internationalization (i18n). Override dictionary keys for localization or branding. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `langDefinitions` | [`LangDefinitions`](#langdefinitions) | No | Provides language definitions for internationalization (i18n). Overrides dictionary keys for localization or branding. |
```

> | `isGuestWishlistEnabled` | `boolean` | No | When set to \`true\`, allows guest users to create and manage wishlists without authentication. Guest wishlists are typically stored in browser storage. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `isGuestWishlistEnabled` | `boolean` | No | Allows guest users to create and manage wishlists without authentication when set to true. Stores guest wishlists in browser storage. |
```

> | `storeCode` | `string` | No | The store view code used to scope wishlist data (cookies and browser storage) per store. When omitted or set to \`'default'\`, wishlist data is shared across all stores. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `storeCode` | `string` | No | Scopes wishlist data (cookies and browser storage) per store. Shares wishlist data across all stores when omitted or set to `default`. |
```
